shutdown workers on failure (#10463)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed `CombinedLoader` and `max_size_cycle` didn't receive a `DistributedSampler` ([#10374](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10374))

> - Fixed `shutdown workers` on failure ([#10463](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10463))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that prevented the Trainer to shutdown workers when execution is interrupted due to failure([#10463](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10463))
```
